README.md, before:

# COTW trophy viewer

Wanted a quick overview of what I had/didn't have in my trophy lodges, lots copied from these (thank you!):

- [cotw-harvest-tracker](https://github.com/LordHansCapon/cotw-harvest-tracker)
- [animal-population-changer](https://github.com/cpypasta/apc)
- [deca](https://github.com/kk49/deca)

### Demo

Can get an idea of functionality [here](https://axis:deer@cotw-trophy-viewer.flanalyst.ovh/), but worth noting it's intended to be used locally, and think it'll break there alot.

### Installation

Download binaries from the [release page](https://github.com/tom-power/cotw-trophy-viewer/releases/latest) and run locally.

### Run/build

```
git clone https://github.com/tom-power/cotw-trophy-viewer.git &&
cd cotw-trophy-viewer && 
sh/build.bat # see other scripts for running web version etc
```

### Help

Missing these names currently, any help welcome:

- lodges
- fur types
- probably some animals I don't have in my lodges

Any help with theming/making it look more hunty also welcome :)

Commit message:

update README.md to add disclaimer and improve section headings

README.md, after:

# COTW trophy viewer

Wanted a quick overview of what I had/didn't have in my trophy lodges, lots copied from these (thank you!):

- [cotw-harvest-tracker](https://github.com/LordHansCapon/cotw-harvest-tracker)
- [animal-population-changer](https://github.com/cpypasta/apc)
- [deca](https://github.com/kk49/deca)

## Disclaimer

_This application is not affiliated, maintained, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially
connected with Avalanche Studios Group, or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates. The official
theHunter™ Call of the Wild website can be found
at [callofthewild.thehunter.com](https://callofthewild.thehunter.com). theHunter™ Call of the Wild
is a registered trademark of [Avalanche Studios Group](https://avalanchestudios.com/)._

## Demo

Can get an idea of functionality [here](https://axis:deer@cotw-trophy-viewer.flanalyst.ovh/), but worth noting it's
intended to be used locally, and think it'll break there alot.

## Installation

Download binaries from the [release page](https://github.com/tom-power/cotw-trophy-viewer/releases/latest) and run
locally.

## Run/build

```
git clone https://github.com/tom-power/cotw-trophy-viewer.git &&
cd cotw-trophy-viewer && 
sh/build.bat # see other scripts for running web version etc
```

## Help

Missing these names currently, any help welcome:

- lodges
- fur types
- probably some animals I don't have in my lodges

Any help with theming/making it look more hunty also welcome :)
